feat(nut-18, nut-26): add preferred_mints to payment requests (#355)
cashubtc/nuts: 18.md

- `a`: The amount of the requested payment
- `u`: The unit of the requested payment (MUST be set if `a` is set)
- `s`: Whether the payment request is for single use

> - `m`: A set of mints from which the payment is requested. If this field is defined, the receiver SHOULD only accept proofs from these mints.

Reviewer: Maybe better to put the onus on the sender? And is it only a SHOULD, or should it be a MUST?
What happens if the sender sends proofs from a different mint?

```suggestion
- `m`: A set of mints from which the payment is requested. If this field is defined, the sender SHOULD only send proofs from these mints.
```

- `u`: The unit of the requested payment (MUST be set if `a` is set)
- `s`: Whether the payment request is for single use

> - `m`: A set of mints from which the payment is requested

Reviewer 2: Should we be more clear on when to use mints vs preferred mints. If mints is defined then only tokens from those mints will be accepted and receive wallets SHOULD not redeem proofs of a mint not in the list. While if preferred mints is defined any mints tokens will be accepted and they will be melted.

Reviewer: I was just writing the same comment. it's not clear to me when to use `m` vs `pm`
